Lin Chenxi, what are you doing here?
Of course I'm here to ask for money
Brother Quanyuan helped your daughter with surgery
You haven't paid yet, have you?
I'm here to help him ask for money
How much will the police transfer to you?
3 million
3 million so much
This 3 million
It includes your daughter's surgery and medication
If your daughter doesn't take medicine for this disease
Never get better
What!
So you better get past 3 million
otherwise
You and your daughter will never want to leave this place
And I'm not going to make it easy for you
Oh, right.
You should know
My brother Suiyuan and I are getting married soon
Sure enough, a woman like you
Only this
This time I want money
Brother Zeyuan also asked me to come
Because he doesn't want to see you and your daughter anymore
Blame yourself
Why do you have to come back?
Don't forget what I told you
Hurry up and raise medical expenses
3 million where am I going to raise so much money